Hello and welcome to the CrateDB
Fundamentals course here at
the CrateDB Academy.
My name is Simon Prickett, I
work in Developer Relations, and
I'll be your guide and tutor for
this course.
Let's begin by looking at the
course structure.
First of all, this is the
welcome module.
I'll show you how the course is
laid out, how it's assessed, and
how you can earn a certificate
of completion.
We'll dive straight in and get
you up and running.
So we'll look at what CrateDB
actually is and then we'll
switch to hands on mode.
You'll get control of a CrateDB
cluster, create one in the cloud
or locally using Docker and load
some sample data for the course.
We'll then move on to look at
why should we use CrateDB?
What are the benefits of it?
What are the benefits of a multi
model database?
And we'll look at some use cases
from customers that are already
having success with Crate.
Data modelling is really
important, so we'll spend some
time on this.
After a brief overview of the
available data types, we'll dig
deep into time series and documents.
We'll look at some vector
similarity search, and we'll
also focus on geospatial data.
Once we've seen what we can do
with data in CrateDB, we'll see
how we can get large amounts of
it into the database and work
with it
once it's there. You'll learn
how to do SQL queries across
different types of data,
aggregations, and use CrateDB's
Lucene full text search engine.
When building applications that
use CrateDB, it's important to
have an understanding of the
different client interfaces and
drivers available for popular
programming languages such as
Java, Python, or Node.js.
It's also important to see where
CrateDB fits into a tools and
integrations ecosystem.
If you're going to have success
with CrateDB, you'll want to
understand how to operate it at
scale.
In this module, you'll see what
CrateDB's architecture looks
like, how it can scale, the
different deployment models, and
receive some tips for monitoring
and tuning the database.
Finally, we'll look at some
security concerns, how to secure
and manage a database in
production.
Our course is based around some
example data from the city of
Chicago in the United States.
We have data sets for taxis, so
the vehicles that operate
various taxi rides and services
in the city, the rides
themselves, so which vehicle
went where at what time.
We have some Geo data about the
different neighbourhoods that
make up the city of Chicago and
we have a large data set of 311
calls.
These are non-emergency calls
for things like there's a
pothole in the road, or there's
an animal barking, or there's
too much aircraft noise.
We'll see how we can use CrateDB
to combine all of these
different data sources into rich
queries.
Your course is assessed in two
ways.
Throughout the course, there are
quizzes.
These are multiple choice
questions.
They're not graded, and they're
there to check your
understanding of the module
you've just completed.
You can attempt them as many
times as you like.
At the end of the course is your
final exam.
The final exam consists of a
number of questions that are in
the same multiple choice format
as the quizzes, but this time
they're graded. Again,
you can take them as many times
as you like, and you're free to
reference external materials as
well as the course content when
answering.
If you score 75% or higher on
your final exam, you can earn a
certificate of completion.
This can be added to your
LinkedIn profile to demonstrate
to the world your knowledge of
CrateDB.
If you need help or want to talk
to us about CrateDB, then we
encourage you to join our online
community at
community.cratedb.com.
There's a section for the
Academy to ask questions about
these courses, but there are
also other sections for all
things to do with CrateDB.
So whether your question is to
do with SQL or a particular
programming language or you just
want to share a project or some
success that you've had using
CrateDB, we'd love to hear from
you.